What is it?

The CuteFig project intends to write a vector drawing programme, CuteFig,
for scientific and technical drawings and diagrams. The motivation of
initiating CuteFig was inspired by the well known programme xfig and its
advantages and shortcomings. The goal is to a drawing programme that has all
the advantages of xfig, but not its shortcomings. 


What will it do for me?

Things that CuteFig will have that are inspired by xfig: 
 * X-Splines 
 * a simple dataformat that figures can be modified easily by tools like
   awk/sed and perl 
 * good interoperability with LaTeX 

Things that CuteFig will have that xfig doesn't: 
 * color gradients support 
 * better fonthandling (no statical restricions on the available fonts) 
 * Unicode support 
 * better user interface 
 * plugin architecture to support complex drawing objects and subject related
   expert extensions such as CAD, crystallography, complex chemical formulas
   and other things noone thinks off right now. 


How is it written?

CuteFig will be written in C++ using the widespread Qt-Libraries. 


When will it be ready?

In the tradition of many free software projects the CutFig project
will not speculate on any release date. By now (June 2005) a code
basis of some 7000 lines exists. The project has now left the state of
desingn experiments. So quite a lot of coding is coming up. The first
pre alpha code has just been checked in to the SVN-repositoty of
BerliOS.de.


Where can I get it?

Why do you ask? You do already have the source code. This file is part
of the source distribution :)


How do I install the thing.?

Read INSTALL.


How do I find my way through the code?

Get doxygen (e.g http://www.doxygen.org) and build the html version of
the source code. That's what Doxyfile.srcdoc is there for. Then browse
through those docs and read the source code along withit. If you have
questions about the source don't hesitate to ask me. Feedback is
welcome.


Who are you?

I am Johannes Mueller <joh@users.berlios.de>. 

$Id$